README.md, before:

# Event Server

A TypeScript-based Node.js server for QR code generation and event management.

## Features

- QR Code Generation API
- JWT Authentication
- Rate Limiting
- Health Check System
- Comprehensive Logging System
- Supabase Integration

## Prerequisites

- Node.js (v14 or higher)
- npm
- A Supabase account and project

## Installation

1. Clone the repository
2. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```
3. Create a `.env` file in the root directory (see Configuration section)
4. Start the server:
   ```bash
   npm run dev   # for development
   npm start     # for production
   ```

## Configuration

Create a `.env` file with the following variables:

```env
NODE_ENV=development
PORT=3000

# Supabase Configuration
SUPABASE_URL=your_supabase_url
SUPABASE_ANON_KEY=your_supabase_anon_key
SUPABASE_STORAGE_BUCKET_QR=your_qr_bucket

# Health Check
API_URL=http://localhost:3000/health
HEALTH_CHECK_SCHEDULE="*/14 * * * *"
```

## API Documentation

### Endpoints

#### Generate QR Code

```http
POST /api/qr/generate
```

Request Body:

```json
{
  "qrId": "string",
  "qrCode": "string",
  "userId": "string"
}
```

Response:

```json
{
  "status": "success",
  "data": {
    "url": "string"
  }
}
```

## Development Features

### Health Check System

- Runs only in development mode
- Configured through HEALTH_CHECK_SCHEDULE in cron format
- Monitors API health at configured intervals

### Logging

- Colored console output in development
- File-based logging with daily rotation
- Separate error logs
- JSON formatting for production

## Scripts

- `npm start` - Start the server in production mode
- `npm run dev` - Start the server in development mode with hot reload
- `npm run build` - Build the TypeScript code
- `npm run lint` - Run ESLint
- `npm run format` - Format code with Prettier

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

Commit message:

docs: add project documentation and update README.md
- Add FILE_STRUCTURE.md with detailed project structure
- Add STANDARDS.md with coding standards
- Add CONTRIBUTING.md with contribution guidelines
- Update README.md with badges and improved documentation

README.md, after:

# Event Server

![Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-1.0.0-blue.svg)
![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-green.svg)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-5.3-blue.svg)
![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-20.0-green.svg)
![Coverage](https://img.shields.io/badge/coverage-80%25-brightgreen.svg)

**Event Server** is a professional TypeScript-based QR code and event management service. Built with modern Node.js technologies and leveraging Supabase for storage, this project provides robust APIs for QR code generation and event management.

## 📋 Features

- **QR Code Generation & Management**: Create and store QR codes for event access
- **Automated Health Checks**: Scheduled cron jobs for system health monitoring
- **Secure Storage**: Integration with Supabase for secure file storage
- **Type Safety**: Built with TypeScript for increased reliability
- **Test Coverage**: Comprehensive test suite with 80%+ coverage
- **API Validation**: Request/response validation
- **Error Handling**: Comprehensive error handling and logging

## Prerequisites

- Node.js (v14 or higher)
- npm
- A Supabase account and project

## Installation

1. Clone the repository
2. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```
3. Create a `.env` file in the root directory (see Configuration section)
4. Start the server:
   ```bash
   npm run dev   # for development
   npm start     # for production
   ```

## Configuration

Create a `.env` file with the following variables:

```env
NODE_ENV=development
PORT=3000

# Supabase Configuration
SUPABASE_URL=your_supabase_url
SUPABASE_ANON_KEY=your_supabase_anon_key
SUPABASE_STORAGE_BUCKET_QR=your_qr_bucket

# Health Check
API_URL=http://localhost:3000/health
HEALTH_CHECK_SCHEDULE="*/14 * * * *"
```

## API Documentation

### Endpoints

#### Generate QR Code

```http
POST /api/qr/generate
```

Request Body:

```json
{
  "qrId": "string",
  "qrCode": "string",
  "userId": "string"
}
```

Response:

```json
{
  "status": "success",
  "data": {
    "url": "string"
  }
}
```

## Development Features

### Health Check System

- Runs only in development mode
- Configured through HEALTH_CHECK_SCHEDULE in cron format
- Monitors API health at configured intervals

### Logging

- Colored console output in development
- File-based logging with daily rotation
- Separate error logs
- JSON formatting for production

## Scripts

- `npm start` - Start the server in production mode
- `npm run dev` - Start the server in development mode with hot reload
- `npm run build` - Build the TypeScript code
- `npm run lint` - Run ESLint
- `npm run format` - Format code with Prettier

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.
